Add documentation for supported networks and Clients (#173)
NethermindEth/sedge: docs/docs/networks/goerli.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 2
id: goerli
---

# Goerli

Goerli is an Ethereum test network that allows for blockchain development testing before deployment on Mainnet, the

> main Ethereum network. The Proof-of-Authority test network was established in March 2019. It uses the Clique consensus

Author: done

mechanism and was originally proposed by Chainsafe and Afri Schoedon.

> ## Supported Consensus Clients

Author: done

> ## Supported Consensus Clients

Reviewer: Still wrong order

> ## Supported Consensus Clients

Author: Solved here [ffde355](https://github.com/NethermindEth/sedge/pull/173/commits/ffde355300b994a40dbc1d6fdae4ede7652ad890)

- [Lighthouse](https://lighthouse-book.sigmaprime.io/)
- [Lodestar](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/)
- [Prysm](https://docs.prylabs.network/docs/getting-started/)
- [Teku](https://docs.teku.consensys.net/en/latest/)

### MEV-Boost

> We support [mev-boost](https://github.com/flashbots/mev-boost) on mainnet by default, in case you want to remove it,

Author: done

run `sedge cli` using the `--no-mev-boost` flag, for example:

```

> sedge cli --no-mev-boost=true

Author: done

---
sidebar_position: 2
id: goerli
---

# Goerli

Goerli is an Ethereum test network that allows for blockchain development testing before deployment on Mainnet, the

> main Ethereum network. The test network was established in March 2019 with Proof-of-Authority. It uses the Clique consensus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
main Ethereum network. The test network was established in March 2019 with Proof-of-Authority. It used to use the Clique consensus
```

> Goerli is an Ethereum test network that allows for blockchain development testing before deployment on Mainnet, the
> main Ethereum network. The test network was established in March 2019 with Proof-of-Authority .It uses the Clique consensus
> mechanism and was originally proposed by Chainsafe and Afri Schoedon. Goerli has successfully transitioned to
> Proof-of-Stake following the network’s total block difficulty having crossed 10,079,000 on August 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goerli is an Ethereum test network that allows for blockchain development testing before deployment on Mainnet, the
main Ethereum network. The test network was established in March 2019 with Proof-of-Authority. It uses the Clique consensus
mechanism and was originally proposed by Chainsafe and Afri Schoedon. Goerli has successfully transitioned to
Proof-of-Stake following the network’s total block difficulty having crossed 10,079,000 on August 10th, 2022.
```

Author: Solved here [ffde355](https://github.com/NethermindEth/sedge/pull/173/commits/ffde355300b994a40dbc1d6fdae4ede7652ad890)
